modify some words for synapse getting started guide[skip ci] (#4199)
NVIDIA/spark-rapids: docs/get-started/getting-started-azure-synapse-analytics.md

parent: Getting-Started
---
# Getting started with RAPIDS Accelerator on Azure Synapse Analytics
 [Azure Synapse Analytics](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/synapse-analytics/) is an analytics service that brings
 together enterprise data warehousing and Big Data analytics.

Synapse now offers the ability to create Apache Spark pools that use GPUs on the backend to run your Spark workloads on 

> GPUs for accelerated processing. These are called as 

Reviewer: Either 
```suggestion
GPUs for accelerated processing. These are referred to as 
```
or 
```suggestion
GPUs for accelerated processing. These are called 
```

[GPU-accelerated Apache Spark pools](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/synapse-analytics/spark/apache-spark-gpu-concept).
Currently it ships with the RAPIDS Accelerator for Apache Spark version 21.10.

> Please follow below quickstart guides to learn how to create and use GPU pools in Azure Synapse Analytics:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please follow the Quickstart guides below to learn how to create and use GPU pools in Azure Synapse Analytics:
```
